Updated design thinking + activity diagram (#67)
zacaz90/Tutorial10_Group-1: Report.md

* Match RMs and end-customers according to RMs skills and customer profiles

## **Assumptions**
In the duration of this project the following assumption's were considered in all system analysis and feature recommendations. 

* The CMC has enough processing power to handle complex computations and algorithms.
* The CMC is already equipped with all data with information such as a customer database with information such as postcodes and surnames.
* Employee’s within Major Travel Company have appropriate product knowledge and understanding of the operations within the CMC.

> * The functionality of the inbuilt profiler tool includes customer profile generation and allows the CMC to auto-generate a generic list of customers for specified Relationship Manager’s (RM’s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The functionality of the inbuilt profiler tool includes customer profile generation and allows the CMC to auto-generate a generic list of customers for specified Relationship Managers (RMs).
```

Author: Yep will change that

Design Thinking Approach
========================

## **Approach - Design Thinking**
Design thinking is a non-linear, iterative process which seeks the understanding of users to challenge assumptions, redefine problems and create innovative solutions to prototype and test. This customer-centric approach was undertaken to address the improvements requested by the Major Travel Company for their Call Management Centre (CMC). The design thinking approach undertook consists of the execution of five phases, (1) empathize, (2) define, (3) ideate, (4) prototype and (5) test and by addressing these phases we derived customer-centric innovation. 

### Empathise

> Phase one consisted of empathising with stakeholders, this represents anyone who is impacted by the project being developed with a particular focus extended on the end customer. Empathy is a crucial step of achieving a human-centred design process and was utilised to gain insight into users and their needs without introducing any pre imposed bias. When we create solutions, we get better solutions when we think of those who they will affect. To document these perspectives, empathy maps were utilised to collaboratively visualise and share our understanding of stakeholders needs and aid future decision making. This stage allowed us to gain a deeper understanding of the perspective of the users involved and how to shape our solution. 

Reviewer: Sounds great, just one or two things to make it easier to read
```suggestion
Phase one consisted of empathising with stakeholders. This represents anyone who is impacted by the project being developed with a particular focus extended on the end customer. Empathy is a crucial step in achieving a human-centred design process and was utilised to gain insight into users and their needs without introducing any pre imposed bias. When we create solutions, we get better solutions when we think of those who will be affected. To document these perspectives, empathy maps were utilised to collaboratively visualise and share our understanding of stakeholders needs and aid future decision making. This stage allowed us to gain a deeper understanding of the perspective of the users involved and how to shape our solution. 
```

### Define

> Phase two of defining allowed us to synthesise the knowledge obtained in the empathise stage and define the core problems to solve. Here the problem statements were directly derived from creating point of view (POV) statements for all the stakeholders identified. This staged allowed us as a team to consolidate assumptions and agree on features to be developed to solve the problem given. 

Reviewer: "Phase two of defining"
Phase two of design thinking _is_ defining?
Also "This stage" not staged

Author: Also "This stage" not staged - totally didn't catch that  will change 
Phase two of design thinking is defining? Yea it is the wording if off will change it

### Ideate

> Phase three consisted of utilising the user research conducted to ideate solutions to the problem statements we created in the prior stage. The brainstorming and worst possible idea techniques were utilised to assist within our ideation stage. These techniques were chosen to initiate freeform group discussions and simulated creative solutions in light of the problems identified. These sessions consisted of developing “how might we? (HMW)” statements and deriving features relative to the point of view statements developed in the define stage. The conclusions of the brainstormed features were documented in into issues with git. At the conclusion of this stage, the agreed features were converted to issues to be developed for the prototype and testing stage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phase three consisted of utilising the user research conducted to ideate solutions to the problem statements we created in the prior stage. The brainstorming and 'worst possible idea' techniques were utilised to assist within our ideation stage. These techniques were chosen to initiate freeform group discussions and simulated creative solutions in light of the problems identified. These sessions consisted of developing “how might we? (HMW)” statements and deriving features relative to the point of view statements developed in the define stage. The conclusions of the brainstormed features were documented into git via issues. At the conclusion of this stage, the agreed-upon features were converted to issues to be developed for the prototype and testing stage. 
```

### Prototype/Test
The prototype and subsequent testing phase is representative of the final stages within the design thinking approach. This consists of producing a small-scaled, mock-up of the product or specific features found within the product so that tangible investigations can occur on the solutions generated in the previous stage. To assist in the prototype stage the team designed artefacts representative of the design of the system. The user flows are demonstrated within the use case diagram, activity diagrams, class diagram and collaborative diagrams provided. Due to the nature of this project, the prototype and respective testing are not within scope. 

### Artefacts
Artefact | Description
---|---

> Empathy Maps | Is a tool used to visualise user attitudes and behaviours. This map is split into 6 quadrants (Says, Thinks, Does, Feels, Pains and Gains).

Reviewer: You say "Is a tool" here but all other artefacts start with the name of the artefact in their description. Just for consistency

Author: Yep I'll change that
